# KYC variants of CASH token may fail to integrate with DEFI protocols

Both `CashKYCSender` and `CashKYCSenderReceiver` variants of the CASH token validate that when a transfer is executed, the caller of the function must be KYC approved . This is done in the `_beforeTokenTransfer` function:

https://github.com/code-423n4/2023-01-ondo/blob/main/contracts/cash/token/CashKYCSender.sol#L56-L75

```solidity
function _beforeTokenTransfer(
  address from,
  address to,
  uint256 amount
) internal override {
  super._beforeTokenTransfer(from, to, amount);

  require(
    _getKYCStatus(_msgSender()),
    "CashKYCSender: must be KYC'd to initiate transfer"
  );

  if (from != address(0)) {
    // Only check KYC if not minting
    require(
      _getKYCStatus(from),
      "CashKYCSender: `from` address must be KYC'd to send tokens"
    );
  }
}
```

This hook is not only called as part of the `transfer` function, but is also triggered during a call to `transferFrom`. 

The OpenZeppelin implementation of the ERC20 calls the `_transfer` internal function as part of the `transferFrom` implementation, which ends up calling the `_beforeTokenTransfer` hook.

## Impact

The `transferFrom` function is used extensively by different DEFI protocols that integrate with ERC20 tokens.

The current restriction will prevent most protocols from integrating with the CASH token, even if the particular sender and/or receiver are KYC approved. 

The current implementation will require that each of these protocols have an approved KYC status, which is a bit hard to imagine since these are decentralized smart contracts.

## Recommendation

This may need further discussion. A first step would be to relax the KYC constraint imposed in the caller. This would allow DEFI contracts to operate using `transferFrom` on behalf of a KYC approved sender and/or receiver. Care must be taken if transferring tokens into, for example, a pool.




