# Bridged messages may fail in the destination chain and be irrecoverable 

## Impact

Bridged events that succeed in the origin chain may fail due to different reasons in the destination chain, leaving the jobs as processed but failed and irrecoverable. In the case of ERC20/ERC721 bridging this may lead to a burned token in the origin chain while nothing in the destination.

Bridged events are stored as jobs by the messaging layer and later completed by operators in the `executeJob` function of the `HolographOperator` contract. When a job is executed, after the required checks are passed, the bridged payload is passed to the `nonRevertingBridgeCall` function which does the bridge invocation to process the message. If the call to `nonRevertingBridgeCall` reverts, then the `executeJob` won't revert because the bridge call is wrapped in a try/catch construction. The job will be processed while the underlying call fails. Even though it's marked as failed using the `_failedJobs` mapping, there isn't a procedure to recover from these failures, the job can't be processed again.

The call to `nonRevertingBridgeCall` may fail and revert due to a revert anywhere in the chain that depends on this function. But it also can fail due to EIP-150 (see https://eips.ethereum.org/EIPS/eip-150) and the rule of 1/64, the function `nonRevertingBridgeCall` may run out of gas while the caller still have some gas left to continue the execution. An operator (accidentally or intentionally) can trigger an scenario in which the gas limit is accommodated in a way that makes the underlying call to the bridge to run out of gas while still saving a bit to complete and finalize the execution of the `executeJob` function.

## Proof of Concept

1. The bridging process may fail because the `bridgeIn` function of the holographable contract reverts or the function that handles the event present in the source contract reverts.
2. An out of gas error could also be possible (or even carefully crafted intentionally by a bad actor) while still having gas available in the caller to complete the `executeJob` function and mark the job as failed. As described by the EIP-150, the caller retains at least 1/64 of the gas forwarded to the call. This makes it possible for the call in line 420 to revert due to lack of gas, while still continuing the execution of the `executeJob` function (and successfully completing the transaction).
