# Unprotected `bridgeIn` and `deployHolographableContract` in `HolographFactory` are susceptible to replay attacks

## Impact

The creation of a holographable contract in a chain may be replayable in any other chain supported by the Holograph protocol. 

The `bridgeIn` or `deployHolographableContract` can be called by anyone using the same parameters that were previously used to deploy a contract in a specific chain to deploy the same contract (that will render the same address) in any other chain.

## Proof of Concept

Copy the arguments that were used to execute a transaction to `bridgeIn` or `deployHolographableContract` of the `HolographFactory` contract in a chain and recreate that same transaction in any other chain. 

## Recommended Mitigation Steps

I can think of two alternatives:

1- Protect the access to the `bridgeIn` function (and `deployHolographableContract`) so that it is only accessible by the bridge. Holographable owners would need to follow a bridging flow to deploy their contracts to other chains.
2- Include the `chainId` in the signature and verify it matches the current `chainId` that is executing the transaction. This way a payload/signature won't be replayable in another chain. Note that in this case the `chainId` can't be part of the hash that is used as the salt to create2, since it will create contracts with different addresses in different chains. The `chainId` should be included in the hash for signature verification but excluded in the hash for the create2 salt.
