# Bridged tokens could be lost if sender transfer concurrently from multiple source chains

Bridged messages containing the same information coming from different source chains may clash in the destination bridge and lead to loss of tokens.

## Impact

Tokens are bridged by encoding some information that is sent as the payload of the bridged message through the Axelar service. The destination bridge then recovers this information and uses its hash as the key value to identify the transaction while it is under review by the approvers.

The SourceBridge contract encodes the current version, the sender, amount and current nonce as the payload of the message:

https://github.com/code-423n4/2023-09-ondo/blob/main/contracts/bridge/SourceBridge.sol#L79-L81

```solidity
79:     bytes memory payload = abi.encode(VERSION, msg.sender, amount, nonce++);
80: 
81:     _payGasAndCallContract(destinationChain, destContract, payload);
```

The DestinationBridge receives this payload and hashes it using `keccak256` that serves as the key of both mappings `txnHashToTransaction` (which holds the transaction information) and `txnToThresholdSet` (which holds the current state of approvals):

https://github.com/code-423n4/2023-09-ondo/blob/main/contracts/bridge/DestinationBridge.sol#L108-L109

```solidity
108:     bytes32 txnHash = keccak256(payload);
109:     txnHashToTransaction[txnHash] = Transaction(srcSender, amt);
```

Note that the payload doesn't contain the source bridge address, and the mapping isn't scoped to the source chain, the key is just the hash of the payload. If an account wants to bridge the same amount of tokens from different source chains, which also happen to have by coincidence the same current nonce in their source bridge, both messages will end up having the same payload and the same value for their hash, causing a clash in these mappings.

Since it is likely that bridged messages will need confirmation by approvers (i.e. minting won't happen automatically in `_execute()`), the described will lead to loss of funds for the user: while the first transaction is pending to be executed as it is being reviewed by the approvers, the next transaction will overwrite all the data from the first, leading to information loss and preventing the minting of tokens from the first transaction that arrived. 

## Proof of Concept

User has the same amount of tokens in both source chain 1 (`SC1`) and source chain 2 (`SC2`) and wants to bridge them to the destination chain (`DC`). State of source bridge in both `SC1` and `SC2` currently contains the same nonce value.

1. User calls `burnAndCallAxelar(amount, DC)` in `SC1`.
2. `DC` receives message through `execute()`. This will hash the payload as `txnHash` and store this transaction in `txnHashToTransaction[txnHash]` while it is under review to be approved.
3. User calls `burnAndCallAxelar(amount, DC)` in `SC2`.
4. Again, `DC` receives message through `execute()` and hashes the payload. Since the information is the same (same version, same sender, same amount and same nonce) the hash happens to be the same as before, and will end up overriding the values in the `txnHashToTransaction` mapping as the key is the same.
5. The first transaction will be lost as all of the information will be overwritten. 

## Recommended

Scope the `txnHashToTransaction` mapping to include the address of the source bridge, or alternatively include the source address as part of the bridged payload.
