# Design won't allow bridges with deterministic addresses

The current design of the bridge doesn't allow for deterministic addresses for bridge contracts, since it will cause a conflict with nonce validation in the destination bridge.

## Impact

Message replay is protected by using a nonce. The source bridge uses a monotonic increasing nonce that is sent in every bridged message, and the destination bridges checks if this nonce has been already executed:

https://github.com/code-423n4/2023-09-ondo/blob/main/contracts/bridge/DestinationBridge.sol#L102-L106

```solidity
102:     if (isSpentNonce[chainToApprovedSender[srcChain]][nonce]) {
103:       revert NonceSpent();
104:     }
105: 
106:     isSpentNonce[chainToApprovedSender[srcChain]][nonce] = true;
```

While the `isSpentNonce` is correctly scoped to the address of the source bridge in the source chain (`chainToApprovedSender[srcChain]`), it doesn't consider the case that this address can be the same for different chains in both a planned or accidental scenarios. 

Source bridge contracts may have the same address in different networks if they are deployed deterministically in a planned way (using `CREATE2`), or also in an accidental way as part of a script that reproduces the same deployment steps from a unique deployer account (using `CREATE` from the same address and with the same nonce).

If this is the case, messages from different source chains coming to the same destination chain will conflict with the nonce having the same key in the `isSpentNonce` mapping, leading to failures while executing the bridged messages.

## Proof of Concept

Source bridge addresses are the same in source chain 1 (`SC1`) and source chain 2 (`SC2`). 

1. User A bridges tokens from `SC1` to destination chain (`DC`) using any nonce value `N1`.
2. Destination bridge in `DC` marks the nonce as consumed `isSpentNonce[chainToApprovedSender[SC1]][N1] = true`.
3. Later on, user B bridges tokens from `SC2` to `DC` and encounters with nonce value `N1`.
2. Destination bridge in `DC` checks if nonce `N1` is already spent. Since both addresses are the same `chainToApprovedSender[SC1] == chainToApprovedSender[SC2]`, which means that `isSpentNonce[chainToApprovedSender[SC2]][N1] == true`, and the message is rejected.

## Recommended Mitigation Steps

Scope the `isSpentNonce` mapping to include also the source chain so that nonces won't conflict if coming from the same source bridge address.

```solidity
mapping(string => mapping(bytes32 => mapping(uint256 => bool))) public isSpentNonce;
```
