# Bridged messages can still be approved and executed even if contract is paused

The destination bridge contract can be paused to prevent execution of bridged messages and token minting. However, pending transactions can still be approved and its associated tokens minted while the contract is paused.

## Impact

Pauses in the DestinationBridge contract affect the `_execute()` function, which is the implementation that gets called when Axelar relays a message to the destination contract:

https://github.com/code-423n4/2023-09-ondo/blob/main/contracts/bridge/DestinationBridge.sol#L85-L89

```solidity
85:   function _execute(
86:     string calldata srcChain,
87:     string calldata srcAddr,
88:     bytes calldata payload
89:   ) internal override whenNotPaused {
```

However, transactions are also subject to an approval phase before token minting happens. After a bridged message is received, the transaction is stored to be reviewed and tokens are minted only after the required number of approvals are granted.

This means that already bridged messages can still lead to token minting even if the contract is under pause. Since the `whenNotPaused` modifier is only applied to the `_execute()` function, pending transactions can still be approved, allowing token minting while the contract is paused.

## Proof of Concept

1. DestinationBridge contract receives a message and stores the transaction to be reviewed.
2. Admin pauses DestinationBridge contract.
3. Transaction is approved and tokens are minted.

## Recommended Mitigation Steps

Add the `whenNotPaused` modifier to the `_mintIfThresholdMet()` function. This will prevent token minting for any possible flow if the contract is paused.
