# Multicall feature in SourceBridge may be abused to send arbitrary messages to the Axelar service

The SourceBridge contract includes a function to allow a "multicall" feature from the contract. Even though this function is access protected, it could be abused to send any arbitrary message to the Axelar service, enabling arbitrary minting through the bridge.

## Impact

The SourceBridge contract is in charge of implementing token bridging in the source chain: it burns tokens from the caller and relays the message to the destination bridge in the destination chain using the Axelar service. The DestinationBridge contract validates the message is coming from the registered source bridge address for the given chain and proceeds with the minting in the destination chain.

The SourceBridge contract also contains a "multicall" feature to allow execution of multiple transactions in a batched fashion:

https://github.com/code-423n4/2023-09-ondo/blob/main/contracts/bridge/SourceBridge.sol#L160-L171

```solidity
160:   function multiexcall(
161:     ExCallData[] calldata exCallData
162:   ) external payable override onlyOwner returns (bytes[] memory results) {
163:     results = new bytes[](exCallData.length);
164:     for (uint256 i = 0; i < exCallData.length; ++i) {
165:       (bool success, bytes memory ret) = address(exCallData[i].target).call{
166:         value: exCallData[i].value
167:       }(exCallData[i].data);
168:       require(success, "Call Failed");
169:       results[i] = ret;
170:     }
171:   }
```

This feature allows to make arbitrary calls to any recipient on behalf of the SourceBridge. When combined with the contract's capability to send messages through the bridge, it introduces the risk of relaying arbitrary messages through the bridge, potentially leading to arbitrary token minting in the destination chain.

Even though the `multiexcall()` function is access protected, this represents a huge risk since the contract interfaces directly with the bridge service and may lead to severe consequences if abused.

## Proof of Concept

1. A malicious owner or compromised account uses `multiexcall()` to send a call to `AXELAR_GATEWAY.callContract()` using the same payload that is constructed by using `burnAndCallAxelar()`.
2. Attacker mints the tokens in the destination chain without burning anything in the source chain.

## Recommended Mitigation Steps

Remove the `multiexcall()` function from the SourceBridge contract.
