# Insufficient precision while deriving price in oracle may lead to innaccurate calculations

Oracle price calculation is derived using a formula that counts elapsed days. Any derived price using a duration of time that is not a multiple of days will lead to loss of precision that may impact accrued interest in the asset price.

## Impact

Oracle price calculation follows a formula that adds the accrued daily interest to the last set price, as stated in the documentation:

```
currentPrice = (Range.dailyInterestRate ** (Days Elapsed + 1)) * Range.lastSetPrice
```

The implementation of this calculation is present in the `derivePrice()` function of the RWADynamicOracle contract:

https://github.com/code-423n4/2023-09-ondo/blob/main/contracts/rwaOracles/RWADynamicOracle.sol#L262-L274

```solidity
262:   function derivePrice(
263:     Range memory currentRange,
264:     uint256 currentTime
265:   ) internal pure returns (uint256 price) {
266:     uint256 elapsedDays = (currentTime - currentRange.start) / DAY;
267:     return
268:       roundUpTo8(
269:         _rmul(
270:           _rpow(currentRange.dailyInterestRate, elapsedDays + 1, ONE),
271:           currentRange.prevRangeClosePrice
272:         )
273:       );
274:   }
```

Line 266 calculates the elapsed time by taking the timestamp difference and dividing it by `DAY`, which is the number of seconds present in a day. As this is an integer division, the calculation will round down the resulting value. Any truncated duration here means that the corresponding interest for this period won't be correctly accrued.

This leftover could potentially be up to almost a day (86399 seconds), which implies losing the interest of almost an entire day. Note that these differences can be accumulated between different derivations since the error in one derivation is carried over to the next.

## Proof of Concept

1. Range has start time of 0 and end time of 172799.
2. `derivePrice()` will calculate `elapsedDays` as `elapsedDays = (172799 - 0) / DAY = 1`, and only accrue the interest of a single day.

## Recommended Mitigation Steps

Validate that ranges have a duration that is a multiple of a day (i.e. (end - start) % DAY == 0). Doing so will ensure price derivation for a range 
