# Rage quit can also be used by party members to exit their position when they don't agree with proposals

A member of the party can simply exit their position even if there's no threat to the governance.

## Impact

Given the new additions to the protocol, the Party team has decided to introduce a "rage quit" feature to protect members from the threat of a 51% attack. This new feature allows party members to burn their NFT in exchange for a share of the funds in custody equal to their voting power.

As long as this feature is enabled, members can execute a rage quit during the execution delay of a malicious proposal if the party gets compromised. While this may protect members from a malicious proposal, it can also be used in situations in which a party member unilaterally decides to quit the group.

Leaving aside valid cases in which the party is taken over by a bad actor, a party member can simply exit their position when they don't like the outcome of a proposal or when it is not convenient anymore from their individual perspective. A user joins the party and states their commitment in benefit of a common good, but can simply withdraw from it at will in detriment of the party in general.

Note that this also can be used to block proposals. If the DAO passes a proposal to utilize funds in order to execute a certain action (or simply executes a distribution), a member with enough voting power can block, accidentally or intentionally, the proposal by calling rage quit, leaving the party with insufficient funds to execute the actions.

## Recommendation

This can be taken as a tradeoff of the new feature. The issue can be mitigated by introducing a penalty when party members decide to rage quit. The percentage can be a configuration value of the party settings.
