# Unspent allowance may break functionality in AMO

An unspent allowance may cause a denial of service during the calls to `safeApprove()` in the AMO contract.

## Impact

The AMO contract uses the `safeApprove()` function to grant the Curve pool permission to spend funds while adding liquidity. When adding liquidity into the Curve pool, the AMO contract needs to approve allowance so the AMM can pull tokens from the caller.

The `safeApprove()` function is a wrapper provided by the SafeERC20 library present in the OpenZeppelin contracts package, its implementation is the following:

https://github.com/OpenZeppelin/openzeppelin-contracts/blob/master/contracts/token/ERC20/utils/SafeERC20.sol#L45-L54

```solidity
function safeApprove(IERC20 token, address spender, uint256 value) internal {
    // safeApprove should only be called when setting an initial allowance,
    // or when resetting it to zero. To increase and decrease it, use
    // 'safeIncreaseAllowance' and 'safeDecreaseAllowance'
    require(
        (value == 0) || (token.allowance(address(this), spender) == 0),
        "SafeERC20: approve from non-zero to non-zero allowance"
    );
    _callOptionalReturn(token, abi.encodeWithSelector(token.approve.selector, spender, value));
}
```
As the comment warns, this should only be used when setting an initial balance or resetting it to zero. In the AMO contract the use of `safeApprove()` is included in the functions that are in charge of adding liquidity to the Curve pool (`addLiquidity()` and `addLiquidityOnlyStETH()`), implying a repeatedly use whenever the allowance needs to be set so that the pool can pull the funds. As we can see in the implementation, if the current allowance is not zero the function will revert.

This means that any unspent allowance of xETH or stETH (i.e. `allowance(AMO, curvePool) > 0`) will cause a denial of service in the `addLiquidity()` and `addLiquidityOnlyStETH()` functions, potentially bricking the contract.

## Proof of concept

1. Suppose there is an unspent allowance of stETH in the AMO contract, `stETH.allowance(AMO, curvePool) > 0`.
2. Admin calls `addLiquidityOnlyStETH(stETHAmount, minLpOut)` with `stETHAmount > 0` to provide liquidity to the pool.
3. Transaction will be reverted in the call to `safeApprove()` as `(value == 0) || (token.allowance(address(this), spender) == 0)` will be false.

## Recommendation

Simply use `approve()`, or first reset the allowance to zero using `safeApprove(spender, 0)`, or use `safeIncreaseAllowance()`.

## Note from warden

Even though the deprecated usage of `safeApprove()` is mentioned in the automated findings, this report demonstrates how this function can cause a serious vulnerability that may end up bricking the contract.
