# Rebalance amounts should be checked so that updated balances falls within thresholds

Rebalance operations are allowed when the current percentage of xETH in the Curve pool is outside the defined thresholds. However, there is no check to ensure that the amount of xETH added or burned from the pool will update the percentage to be within the limits.

## Impact

Rebalance actions in the AMO contract are first validated to ensure that a rebalance is indeed needed in the first place. This is implemented by calculating the percentage of xETH in the pool, and comparing the result against two limits that define an acceptable range.

Rebalance up is allowed when the percentage of xETH in the Curve pool is above the `REBALANCE_UP_THRESHOLD`, in which case xETH is withdrawn from the pool and burned to lower the percentage. Similarly, rebalance down is allowed when the percentage falls below the `REBALANCE_DOWN_THRESHOLD` value, in which case xETH is minted and added to the pool, increasing the percentage.

While care is taken to ensure that these operations are indeed only allowed when the percentages are outside the defined bounds, there is no check to ensure that the amount of xETH burned or minted will update the percentage **to be within the bounds**.

## Proof of concept

During a rebalance operation, a malicious or improperly operating defender can exploit the opportunity to modify the pool balance in their favor, potentially exceeding the desired boundaries.

For example, if `xEthPct > REBALANCE_UP_THRESHOLD` is true, the `preRebalanceCheck()` function would allow a `rebalanceUp()` operation. In such a scenario, the defender could deliberately lower the percentage to below the desired `REBALANCE_DOWN_THRESHOLD`, potentially gaining an advantage if the account is compromised or if there is a malfunction in the bot operating off-chain.

## Recommendation

Add a check to ensure that updated balances comply with the thresholds boundaries. When minting or burning xETH from the pool, the updated balance of xETH should produce a percentage that is within the accepted range.
