# Delegate uses incorrect parameter for the token amount

The delegate implementation uses the incorrect "amount" parameter from the `JBDidPayData` struct that is sent to the `didPay()` function.

## Impact

The implementation of the `pay()` function in the terminal builds the `JBDidPayData` struct that is used as an argument to the `didPay()` function of the different delegate allocations. This struct contains two different amount members:

https://github.com/jbx-protocol/juice-contracts-v3/blob/main/contracts/structs/JBDidPayData.sol#L10-L11

> @member amount The amount of the payment. Includes the token being paid, the value, the number of decimals included, and the currency of the amount.  
> @member forwardedAmount The amount of the payment that is being sent to the delegate. Includes the token being paid, the value, the number of decimals included, and the currency of the amount.

The `amount` field is the total "global" amount of the payment, while the `forwardedAmount` field is the one assigned to each delegate allocation. The `amount` member is filled here:

https://github.com/jbx-protocol/juice-contracts-v3/blob/main/contracts/abstract/JBPayoutRedemptionPaymentTerminal3_1.sol#L1467

```solidity
JBTokenAmount memory _bundledAmount = JBTokenAmount(token, _amount, decimals, currency);
```

While the `forwardedAmount` is assigned in each iteration of the different elements of the `_delegateAllocations` list, with the proper amount for each call to `didPay()`:

https://github.com/jbx-protocol/juice-contracts-v3/blob/main/contracts/abstract/JBPayoutRedemptionPaymentTerminal3_1.sol#L1526-L1532

```solidity
// If this terminal's token is ETH, send it in msg.value.
if (token == JBTokens.ETH) _payableValue = _delegateAllocation.amount;

// Pass the correct token forwardedAmount to the delegate
_data.forwardedAmount.value = _delegateAllocation.amount;

_delegateAllocation.delegate.didPay{value: _payableValue}(_data);
```

This means that the implementation should use the amount from the `forwardedAmount` member and not the `amount` member. 

https://github.com/code-423n4/2023-05-juicebox/blob/main/juice-buyback/contracts/JBXBuybackDelegate.sol#L266

```solidity
...
amountSpecified: int256(_data.amount.value),
...
```

## Recommendation

The implementation of the `didPay()` function in the delegate should use `_data.forwardedAmount.value` instead of `_data.amount.value`.
