# Flash loans can be used by attackers to claim rewards over token ownership

## Impact

Private pools allow users to execute flash loans of NFTs, which are short term loans that must be returned within the same transaction. Any NFT present in the pool can be borrowed using a flash loan:

https://github.com/code-423n4/2023-04-caviar/blob/main/src/PrivatePool.sol#L763-L770

```solidity
763:     function availableForFlashLoan(address token, uint256 tokenId) public view returns (bool) {
764:         // return if the NFT is owned by this contract
765:         try ERC721(token).ownerOf(tokenId) returns (address result) {
766:             return result == address(this);
767:         } catch {
768:             return false;
769:         }
770:     }
```

Different NFTs distribute rewards or airdrops to holders of the token. This means that an attacker can use a flash loan to borrow the token, claim the rewards to themselves and return it to the pool, by just paying a small flash loan fee.

## Proof of Concept

Let's suppose there is an NFT present in the pool with an unclaimed airdrop.

1. Attacker setups contract that will be used as the receiver of the flash loan.
2. Attacker calls `flashLoan` function in the Private Pool to initiate the process.
3. NFT will be transferred to the attacker's contract. The contract will claim the airdrop and send the rewards to the attacker.
4. NFT will be transferred back to the pool.

## Recommendation

Flash loans are a feature of private pools, but the owner should be able to disable the flash loan functionality or disable it on a per token basis. This would bring certain flexibility to the owner of the pool in terms of securing present or upcoming rewards, while allowing the flash load functionality.
