# Users cannot control slippage in buy and sell operations

## Impact

Private pools allow users to buy or sell NFTs. Both of these operations involve handling of ETH or ERC20 tokens, buyers need to transfer funds to buy NFTs and sellers expect funds transfers while selling NFTs.

Neither the buy nor the sell functions include support for controlling slippage during trading, the buy function doesn't include a limit on the maximum amount to be paid and the sell function doesn't include a limit on the minimum amount to be received while selling.

In the case of the `buy` function, if the pool is using ETH as the base token the situation can be mitigated by using the call value as the maximum limit to be spent. However, if the pool is using an ERC20 as the base token, then this strategy won't work as tokens are pulled from the caller. If the caller granted an approval with a high or infinite amount, then the buyer will be victim of a potential high slippage amount.

https://github.com/code-423n4/2023-04-caviar/blob/main/src/PrivatePool.sol#L254-L260

```solidity
254:         if (baseToken != address(0)) {
255:             // transfer the base token from the caller to the contract
256:             ERC20(baseToken).safeTransferFrom(msg.sender, address(this), netInputAmount);
257: 
258:             // if the protocol fee is set then pay the protocol fee
259:             if (protocolFeeAmount > 0) ERC20(baseToken).safeTransfer(address(factory), protocolFeeAmount);
260:         } else {
```

The issue is also present in the `sell` function, as the caller doesn't have any mechanism to control slippage. The function will pull the NFTs from the caller and eventually transfer the resulting amount for the exchange in ETH or ERC20 tokens, depending on the configured base token in the pool. The issue can be mitigated in part by using the EthRouter `sell` function which has a `minOutputAmount` to control slippage, but this can only be used for ETH pools.

https://github.com/code-423n4/2023-04-caviar/blob/main/src/PrivatePool.sol#L357-L369

```solidity
357:         if (baseToken == address(0)) {
358:             // transfer ETH to the caller
359:             msg.sender.safeTransferETH(netOutputAmount);
360: 
361:             // if the protocol fee is set then pay the protocol fee
362:             if (protocolFeeAmount > 0) factory.safeTransferETH(protocolFeeAmount);
363:         } else {
364:             // transfer base tokens to the caller
365:             ERC20(baseToken).transfer(msg.sender, netOutputAmount);
366: 
367:             // if the protocol fee is set then pay the protocol fee
368:             if (protocolFeeAmount > 0) ERC20(baseToken).safeTransfer(address(factory), protocolFeeAmount);
369:         }
```

In both cases, the user might be negatively impacted from any eventual trades that happen between the user sending the transaction and the transaction being finally included in the blockchain, or may be victim of sandwich attacks by MEV bots that could exploit the lack of slippage control.

## Proof of Concept

Example with a user buying an NFT:

1. User sends transaction to buy NFT in PrivatePool.
2. MEV bot sees transaction in mempool and sandwiches user transaction.
3. MEV bot first buys NFTs from the pool in order to shift the reserves.
4. User transaction follows, in which the user ends up paying more for the NFT.
5. MEV bot finally sells NFTs for a profit.

## Recommendation

For the `buy` function, add a `maxInputAmount` argument and revert if `netInputAmount > maxInputAmount`. For the sell function, add a `minOutputAmount` and revert if `netOutputAmount < minOutputAmount`.
