# PrivatePool creation may be front-runned or be recreated by an attacker during a chain reorganization

## Impact

The Factory contract allows users to create and initialize Private Pools. New PrivatePool contracts are created and deployed using solady's `LibClone` library, which creates a minimal proxy, in a deterministic fashion:

https://github.com/code-423n4/2023-04-caviar/blob/main/src/Factory.sol#L92

```solidity
privatePool = PrivatePool(payable(privatePoolImplementation.cloneDeterministic(_salt)));
```

Under the hood, the library will deploy the proxy using `create2` with the given `salt` value. This means that Private Pools deployed from the factory will have their addresses determined by the `salt`, which is a parameter of the `create` function. In fact, the contract provides a function named `predictPoolDeploymentAddress` which can be used to know beforehand the address of a Private Pool.

This can be used by a bad actor to front-run the creation of a pool. Given the address is determined by the `salt` parameter, an attacker can front-run the transaction with the `salt` value and end up having the same Private Pool address as the original transaction.

This implementation may also cause issues in case of a chain reorganization, or a rollback in case of a fraud dispute in rollup chains such as Optimism or Arbitrum. This might have a bigger impact, since the original owner of the pool may have made deposits into the pool in further transactions. In this case, the attacker can front-run the creation of the pool and eventually get the deposits from the next transaction of the user. The scenarios goes as follows:

1. User creates Private Pool using the Factory contract with a given `salt`.
2. User makes a deposit into the pool to transfer NTFs, funds, or both.
3. Chain reorganization or rollback happens.
4. Attacker front-runs the creation of the pool using the same `salt` as step 1.
5. The initial user transaction to create the pool will fail, but the deposit transaction will be executed, essentially depositing the assets in the now attacker's pool. 
6. Attacker controls Private Pool along with its deposits.

See this excellent finding as a reference of the issue https://github.com/code-423n4/2023-01-rabbithole-findings/issues/661

This may also cause issues when the protocol is being deployed to multiple chains. The owner of a Private Pool may want to have the same address for their Private Pool across all different chains. A bad actor can front-run the user and deploy the Private Pool in other chains using the same `salt` value. Note that for this scenario to make sense the Factory contract would need to be deterministically deployed so it has the same address across all chains too.

## Recommendation

One possible strategy would be to include the caller as part of the salt being used to create the Private Pool. This will prevent contracts from being created by unintended parties, while still being able to deploy contracts in a deterministic way.

As a reference implementation, the [Metamorphic contracts library](https://github.com/0age/metamorphic) specifies that the first 20 bytes of the salt must match the caller's address.

https://github.com/0age/metamorphic/blob/master/contracts/ImmutableCreate2Factory.sol#L194-L203

```solidity
modifier containsCaller(bytes32 salt) {
  // prevent contract submissions from being stolen from tx.pool by requiring
  // that the first 20 bytes of the submitted salt match msg.sender.
  require(
    (address(bytes20(salt)) == msg.sender) ||
    (bytes20(salt) == bytes20(0)),
    "Invalid salt - first 20 bytes of the salt must match calling address."
  );
  _;
}
```


