# Griefing attack on `executeMultiple()` function

A bad actor can front-run a transaction to the `executeMultiple()` function to partially execute it and cause the main transaction to fail. Additionally a malicious relayer can censor parts of the execution payload.

## Impact

The `executeMultiple()` function of the AmbireAccount wallet can be used to execute multiple bundles in a single transaction. The function takes an array of `ExecuteArgs` structs, each containing an array of transactions and its signature:

https://github.com/AmbireTech/ambire-common/blob/5c54f8005e90ad481df8e34e85718f3d2bfa2ace/contracts/AmbireAccount.sol#L197-L199

```solidity
197: 	function executeMultiple(ExecuteArgs[] calldata toExec) external payable {
198: 		for (uint256 i = 0; i != toExec.length; i++) execute(toExec[i].txns, toExec[i].signature);
199: 	}
```

Functions in the wallet can be invoked by anyone, since access control and validation is done using the signature. In the case of `execute()`, integrity of the data is enforced by the same signature, a modification in the payload would affect the hash and would make the signature check fail. However, in the case of `executeMultiple()`, there is nothing guarding the array of `ExecuteArgs` from being sliced or trimmed.

A malicious relayer or front-runner can remove parts of this array and execute the transaction partially. The attack would require to keep the first part or parts of the array, as nonces are incremental and should be in order to partially execute the transactions. For example, if the call to `executeMultiple()` includes 3 elements of `ExecuteArgs`, the attacker can execute the first, or the first and second, but not the second or the third alone, as the nonces in the payload wouldn't match.

In the scenario of a front-run, the attacker can partially execute the order which will make the front-runned transaction fail as it will try to re-execute parts of the transaction that have been already executed and would revert due to an unmatching nonce. In the malicious relayer scenario, the relayer can simply remove and censor parts of the payload.  

## Proof of Concept

In the case of a front-run, the attacker recreates the payload partially: 

1. User submits transaction to `executeMultiple()` with two `ExecuteArgs` elements.
2. Attacker front-runs transaction and submits a call with just the first element
3. Front-runned transaction is reverted.

In the case of a malicious relayer it can simply censor parts of the array:

1. User forwards the relayer a transaction to `executeMultiple()` with two `ExecuteArgs` elements.
2. Relayer discards second element.
3. Transaction is only executed with the first element.

## Recommendation

Similar to how it is done in the `execute()` function, the payload to the `executeMultiple()` function could also implement a signature to provide integrity of the data.
