# Current design won't allow to update reference implementation without breaking counterfactuality

The current design of the Ambire wallet doesn't allow to update the reference implementation as doing so will break counterfactuality.

## Impact

Ambire wallets are deployed by creating a thin proxy over a reference implementation of the `AmbireAccount` contract. The address of the implementation to which the proxy delegates calls is baked in the initcode of the proxy. This can be seen in the following snippet of `IdentityProxyDeploy.js`:

https://github.com/AmbireTech/adex-protocol-eth/blob/master/js/IdentityProxyDeploy.js#L43

```solidity
return `0x${initialCode.toString('hex')}3d3981f3363d3d373d3d3d363d${evmPush(
  masterAddrBuf
).toString('hex')}5af43d82803e903d91602b57fd5bf3`
```

Counterfactuality depends on the initcode. Any change to the code will change the hash, which will change how addresses are precomputed using CREATE2:

https://github.com/AmbireTech/ambire-common/blob/5c54f8005e90ad481df8e34e85718f3d2bfa2ace/contracts/AmbireAccountFactory.sol#L45-L47

```solidity
45: 		address expectedAddr = address(
46: 			uint160(uint256(keccak256(abi.encodePacked(bytes1(0xff), address(this), salt, keccak256(code)))))
47: 		);
```

This means that the protocol will be forced to always use the same reference implementation of the AmbireAccount contract and won't be able to provide a new implementation if they want to update how new wallets should be created. Changing the address in the proxy initcode will change how addresses are precomputed, breaking counterfactuality.

## Recommendation

The reference implementation address can be stored in the AmbireAccountFactory contract. The proxy can query its caller (the factory) during initialization to obtain the address of the implementation where it should delegate calls to.
