# Unexpected behavior when settings rewards for existing pools or past/ongoing periods

## Summary

There are different missing considerations in the liquidity mining process that may lead to unexpected behavior due to failed assumptions.

## Impact

The liquidity mining feature is mainly implemented by tracking liquidity at a global level (the aggregation of liquidity in a specific pool) and at the position level (the particular liquidity positions in a specific pool and tick range). This ends up forming a liquidity history that, combined with the assigned incentives, can be used to claim rewards on past periods.

This design relies on two fundamental properties:

- Rewards are expected to be set up before anyone tries to claim the affected periods. If rewards are assigned to past or current periods of time, then it is possible to create a conflict due to how the rewards claim algorithm works.
- Liquidity history is properly tracked for the set of periods involved in rewards. Failure to do so will cause unexpected behavior when rewards are calculated.

Regarding the first point, we can see rewards can be configured for any period of time. Taking `setConcRewards()` as the example, we note there is no validation related to the `weekFrom -> weekTo` span of time and the current time.

https://github.com/code-423n4/2023-10-canto/blob/main/canto_ambient/contracts/callpaths/LiquidityMiningPath.sol#L65-L72

```solidity
65:     function setConcRewards(bytes32 poolIdx, uint32 weekFrom, uint32 weekTo, uint64 weeklyReward) public payable {
66:         // require(msg.sender == governance_, "Only callable by governance");
67:         require(weekFrom % WEEK == 0 && weekTo % WEEK == 0, "Invalid weeks");
68:         while (weekFrom <= weekTo) {
69:             concRewardPerWeek_[poolIdx][weekFrom] = weeklyReward;
70:             weekFrom += uint32(WEEK);
71:         }
72:     }
```

Regarding the liquidity history tracking, we can see this can be easily broken for existing pools in the exchange. For example, active positions won't have their accrual history properly initialized. These will be tracked once the new version is deployed, but their previous history won't be present. The function `accrueConcentratedPositionTimeWeightedLiquidity()` is only called when the position is minted or burned. Existing positions won't have their liquidity history properly tracked and will likely miss potential rewards, since untracked liquidity will be counted as zero.

The global tracking level also experiences related issues. The first time the `accrueConcentratedGlobalTimeWeightedLiquidity()` function is called, the implementation will snapshot the current timestamp in `timeWeightedWeeklyGlobalConcLiquidityLastSet_` and start counting weekly periods from there on in successive calls. This means that any previous history related to global liquidity won't be present.

Additionally, note that the situation is similar for Ambient position. Both `accrueAmbientGlobalTimeWeightedLiquidity()` and `accrueAmbientPositionTimeWeightedLiquidity()` behave similarly and deal with the same set of assumptions and associated issues.

## Recommendation

Validate that rewards are being set for future periods:

```diff
    function setConcRewards(bytes32 poolIdx, uint32 weekFrom, uint32 weekTo, uint64 weeklyReward) public payable {
        // require(msg.sender == governance_, "Only callable by governance");
        require(weekFrom % WEEK == 0 && weekTo % WEEK == 0, "Invalid weeks");
+       uint32 currWeek = uint32((block.timestamp / WEEK) * WEEK);
+       require(weekFrom > currWeek);
        while (weekFrom <= weekTo) {
            concRewardPerWeek_[poolIdx][weekFrom] = weeklyReward;
            weekFrom += uint32(WEEK);
        }
    }
```

To properly track liquidity history in active pools, the same functions used to update the state would need to be called **before** rewards are setup (or before the first week of the configured rewards, so history is properly initialized before the initial period starts). At the global level this means calling `accrueConcentratedGlobalTimeWeightedLiquidity()` for concentrated pools or `accrueAmbientGlobalTimeWeightedLiquidity()` for Ambient pools. However, the case is quite different for the individual positions, since `accrueConcentratedPositionTimeWeightedLiquidity()` or `accrueAmbientPositionTimeWeightedLiquidity()` needs to be called for **each** position. The protocol would need to expose this function and encourage users to actively call it to update the state before rewards are initiated.
