# Direct depositors in the Votium strategy will lose rewards when these are routed to SafEth

## Summary

The VotiumStrategy contract can be used directly without interfacing with AfEth. However, rewards coming from deposits can be eventually routed to SafEth when passing through the manager (AfEth). In this scenario, users that deposit directly in VotiumStrategy will lose their rewards.

## Impact

The VotiumStrategy contract is partially agnostic to the AfEth contract. Accounts can freely deposit and withdraw directly in the VotiumStrategy contract, but rewards can be potentially compounded through the manager contract (which is AfEth).

https://github.com/code-423n4/2023-09-asymmetry/blob/main/contracts/strategies/votium/VotiumStrategyCore.sol#L302-L304

```solidity
272:     function applyRewards(SwapData[] calldata _swapsData) public onlyRewarder {
...
302:         if (address(manager) != address(0))
303:             IAfEth(manager).depositRewards{value: ethReceived}(ethReceived);
304:         else depositRewards(ethReceived);
```

If the `manager` is present, rewards will be delegated to `AfEth::depositRewards()`.

https://github.com/code-423n4/2023-09-asymmetry/blob/main/contracts/AfEth.sol#L288-L292

```solidity
288:         if (safEthRatio < ratio) {
289:             ISafEth(SAF_ETH_ADDRESS).stake{value: amount}(0);
290:         } else {
291:             votiumStrategy.depositRewards{value: amount}(amount);
292:         }
```

Depending on the current TVL ratio, it is possible that these rewards are fully routed to the SafEth contract and staked there. If this is the case, then direct depositors of the VotiumStrategy contract will lose their rewards, since these are not compounded in VotiumStrategy, but in SafEth.

## Proof of Concept

1. A user deposits directly in VotiumStrategy and holds vAfEth tokens.
2. Rewards in VotiumStrategy are claimed and applied by the rewarded role.
3. `applyRewards()` calls `IAfEth::depositRewards()` with the ETH amount coming from rewards.
4. In AfEth, `depositRewards()` calculates that the current `safEthRatio` is below the defined `ratio` and calls `ISafEth::stake()`, forwarding the ETH amount.
5. Rewards are staked in SafEth. User gets nothing.

## Recommendation

There are two possible paths here. One is to forbid direct interaction with VotiumStrategy and only allow the manager to deposit and withdraw from it. 

The alternative is to account for deposits that are directly made to the VotiumStrategy (i.e. where the caller is not the manager) and, when rewards are applied, split the reward amount based on the ratio of deposits made by AfEth and deposits made by other accounts. The part that belongs to AfEth can be routed through `AfEth::depositRewards()` and the part that belongs to direct depositors should be handled directly by `VotiumStrategyCore::depositRewards()`.
