# Inflation attack in VotiumStrategy

## Summary

The VotiumStrategy contract is susceptible to the [Inflation Attack](https://mixbytes.io/blog/overview-of-the-inflation-attack), in which the first depositor can be front-runned by an attacker to steal their deposit.

## Impact

Both AfEth and VotiumStrategy acts as vaults: accounts deposit some tokens and get back another token (share) that represents their participation in the vault.

These types of contracts are potentially vulnerable to the inflation attack: an attacker can front-run the initial deposit to the vault to inflate the value of a share and render the front-runned deposit worthless. 

In AfEth, this is successfully mitigated by the slippage control. Any attack that inflates the value of a share to decrease the number of minted shares is rejected due to the validation of minimum output:

https://github.com/code-423n4/2023-09-asymmetry/blob/main/contracts/AfEth.sol#L166-L167

```solidity
166:         uint256 amountToMint = totalValue / priceBeforeDeposit;
167:         if (amountToMint < _minout) revert BelowMinOut();
```

However, this is not the case of VotiumStrategy. In this contract, no validation is done in the number of minted tokens. This means that an attacker can execute the attack by front-running the initial deposit, which may be from AfEth or from any other account that interacts with the contract. See _Proof of Concept_ for a detailed walkthrough of the issue.

https://github.com/code-423n4/2023-09-asymmetry/blob/main/contracts/strategies/votium/VotiumStrategy.sol#L39-L46

```solidity
39:     function deposit() public payable override returns (uint256 mintAmount) {
40:         uint256 priceBefore = cvxPerVotium();
41:         uint256 cvxAmount = buyCvx(msg.value);
42:         IERC20(CVX_ADDRESS).approve(VLCVX_ADDRESS, cvxAmount);
43:         ILockedCvx(VLCVX_ADDRESS).lock(address(this), cvxAmount, 0);
44:         mintAmount = ((cvxAmount * 1e18) / priceBefore);
45:         _mint(msg.sender, mintAmount);
46:     }
```

## Proof of Concept

Let's say a user wants to deposit in VotiumStrategy and calls `deposit()` sending an ETH amount such as it is expected to buy `X` tokens of CVX. Attacker will front-run the transaction and execute the following:

1. Initial state is empty contract, `assets = 0` and `supply = 0`.
2. Attacker calls deposit with an amount of ETH such as to buy `1e18` CVX tokens, this makes `assets = 1e18` and `supply = 1e18`.
3. Attacker calls `requestWithdraw(1e18 - 1)` so that `supply = 1`, assume also `1e18 - 1` CVX tokens are withdrawn so that `cvxUnlockObligations = 1e18 - 1`.
4. Attacker transfers (donates) X amount of CVX to VotiumStrategy contract.
4. At this point, `priceBefore = cvxPerVotium() = (totalCvx - cvxUnlockObligations) * 1e18 / supply = (X + 1e18 - (1e18 - 1)) * 1e18 / 1 = (X + 1) * 1e18`
5. User transaction gets through and `deposit()` buys X amount of CVX. Minted tokens will be `mintAmount = X * 1e18 / priceBefore = X * 1e18 / (X + 1) * 1e18 = X / (X + 1) = 0`.
6. User is then minted zero VotiumStrategy tokens.
7. Attacker calls `requestWithdraw()` again to queue withdrawal to remove all CVX balance from the contract, including the tokens deposited by the user.

## Recommendation

There are multiple ways of solving the issue:

1. Similar to AfEth, add a minimum output check to ensure the amount of minted shares.
2. Track asset balances internally so an attacker cannot donate assets to inflate shares.
3. Mint an initial number of "dead shares", similar to how UniswapV2 does.

A very good discussion of these can be found [here](https://github.com/OpenZeppelin/openzeppelin-contracts/issues/3706).
