# `cvxPerVotium()` calculation will return zero if all CVX tokens are pending withdrawal as obligations

## Summary

The implementation of `cvxPerVotium()` contains an edge case that causes it to return an invalid zero value price.

## Impact

The `cvxPerVotium()` function present in the VotingStrategy contract is used to measure the number of held CVX tokens per vAfEth. 

https://github.com/code-423n4/2023-09-asymmetry/blob/main/contracts/strategies/votium/VotiumStrategyCore.sol#L144-L149

```solidity
144:     function cvxPerVotium() public view returns (uint256) {
145:         uint256 supply = totalSupply();
146:         uint256 totalCvx = cvxInSystem();
147:         if (supply == 0 || totalCvx == 0) return 1e18;
148:         return ((totalCvx - cvxUnlockObligations) * 1e18) / supply;
149:     }
```

The implementation basically divides the number of deposited CVX tokens over the total supply of vAfEth, while carefully subtracting any balance that is pending to be withdrawn (`cvxUnlockObligations`).

However, if all CVX tokens are currently pending withdrawal, then `cvxUnlockObligations == totalCvx`, causing `cvxPerVotium()` to return zero. This case should be similar to `totalCvx == 0` and should return `1e18` instead of zero.

The `cvxPerVotium()` function is used in several places throughout the codebase:

- In `VotingStrategy::deposit()`, to calculate the number of minted tokens.
- In `VotingStrategy::requestWithdraw()`, to calculate the amount of owed CVX tokens.
- In `VotingStrategy::price()`, to calculate the price in ETH of the vAfEth token.
  - The VotiumStrategy price is then used in other functions, carrying the error forward:
    - In `AfEth::price()`, to calculate the price in ETH of the AfEth token.
    - In `AfEth::deposit()`, to calculate the number of minted tokens of new deposits.
- In `AfEth::depositRewards()`, to calculate the Votium strategy TVL.

This means that under this scenario, all these other critical functions will be affected.

## Recommendation

The implementation of `cvxPerVotium()` can be fixed by subtracting the CVX obligations before doing the `totalCvx == 0` comparison. The edge case is then removed, since now `totalCvx` should be zero if all CVX is pending to be withdrawn.

```diff
    function cvxPerVotium() public view returns (uint256) {
        uint256 supply = totalSupply();
-       uint256 totalCvx = cvxInSystem();
+       uint256 totalCvx = cvxInSystem() - cvxUnlockObligations;
        if (supply == 0 || totalCvx == 0) return 1e18;
-       return ((totalCvx - cvxUnlockObligations) * 1e18) / supply;
+       return totalCvx * 1e18 / supply;
    }
```
