# solady handler prevents module extensibility for ERC721 and ERC1155 callbacks 

## Summary

The `receiverFallback` modifier from the solady library acts as a default handler for ERC721 and ERC1155 callbacks, limiting further extensibility via modules.

## Vulnerability Details

The `fallback()` implementation in the ModuleManager contract is in charge of delegating calls to the installed fallback handler based on the function signature. The function overrides the implementation of the `Receiver` contract from the solady library, but still decorates it with the `receiverFallback` modifier:

```solidity
72:     fallback() external payable override(Receiver) receiverFallback {
73:         FallbackHandler storage $fallbackHandler = _getAccountStorage().fallbacks[msg.sig];
74:         address handler = $fallbackHandler.handler;
75:         CallType calltype = $fallbackHandler.calltype;
76:         require(handler != address(0), MissingFallbackHandler(msg.sig));
```

The `receiverFallback` modifier from the solady library deals with the common callbacks for ERC721 and ERC1155 tokens.

```solidity
18:     /// @dev Modifier for the fallback function to handle token callbacks.
19:     modifier receiverFallback() virtual {
20:         /// @solidity memory-safe-assembly
21:         assembly {
22:             let s := shr(224, calldataload(0))
23:             // 0x150b7a02: `onERC721Received(address,address,uint256,bytes)`.
24:             // 0xf23a6e61: `onERC1155Received(address,address,uint256,uint256,bytes)`.
25:             // 0xbc197c81: `onERC1155BatchReceived(address,address,uint256[],uint256[],bytes)`.
26:             if or(eq(s, 0x150b7a02), or(eq(s, 0xf23a6e61), eq(s, 0xbc197c81))) {
27:                 mstore(0x20, s) // Store `msg.sig`.
28:                 return(0x3c, 0x20) // Return `msg.sig`.
29:             }
30:         }
31:         _;
32:     }
```

If the call matches any of these three selectors, the execution stops at the modifier level, preventing the `fallback()` function in the ModuleManager contract from being reached.

This prevents any extensibility of these callback functions using modules. Even if the user installs a module to handle any of these selectors, execution will be halted at the `receiverFallback` modifier.

## Impact

This issue impairs the account's extensibility, preventing it from utilizing potential modules that respond to ERC721 and ERC1155 callbacks.

## Tools Used

None.

## Recommendations

The implementation should first check if there is any fallback handler defined for the given selector, allowing extensibility for all potential use cases. If there isn't a fallback handler installed for the given function call, then handle the potential default cases for the ERC721 and ERC1155 callbacks.
