# Hooks are not triggered for `executeUserOp()`

## Summary

Unlike other functions that execute operations from the account, the `executeUserOp()` function does not trigger hook callbacks.

## Vulnerability Details

ERC-7579 hook modules are supported by the Nexus smart account implementation. Both the `execute()` and `executeFromExecutor()` functions are decorated with the `withHook` modifier.

```solidity
119:     function execute(ExecutionMode mode, bytes calldata executionCalldata) external payable onlyEntryPointOrSelf withHook {
```

```solidity
137:     function executeFromExecutor(
138:         ExecutionMode mode,
139:         bytes calldata executionCalldata
140:     ) external payable onlyExecutorModule withHook withRegistry(msg.sender, MODULE_TYPE_EXECUTOR) returns (bytes[] memory returnData) {
```

The `withHook` modifier executes the `preCheck()` and `postCheck()` callbacks if any hook module is installed.

```solidity
60:     modifier withHook() {
61:         address hook = _getHook();
62:         if (hook == address(0)) {
63:             _;
64:         } else {
65:             bytes memory hookData = IHook(hook).preCheck(msg.sender, msg.value, msg.data);
66:             _;
67:             IHook(hook).postCheck(hookData);
68:         }
69:     }
```

However, the modifier is absent in the `executeUserOp()` function. Since this function also handles execution from the account, it should trigger the hooks, as required by the [ERC-7579 standard](https://eips.ethereum.org/EIPS/eip-7579#hooks):

> Hooks are an OPTIONAL extension of this standard. Smart accounts MAY use hooks to execute custom logic and checks before and/or after the smart accounts performs a single or batched execution. To comply with this OPTIONAL extension, a smart account:
> - MUST call the preCheck function of one or multiple hooks during an execution on the account
> - MUST call the postCheck function of one or multiple hooks during an execution on the account

## Impact

Hook callbacks are not triggered during execution in the `executeUserOp()` function.

## Tools Used

None.

## Recommendations

Decorate the `executeUserOp()` function with the `withHook` modifier.
