# RegistryFactory should validate that there are no duplicate attesters

## Summary

The presence of duplicate attesters could compromise the security validations when creating accounts through the RegistryFactory contract.

## Vulnerability Details

The RegistryFactory contract is a factory for the Nexus smart account that works in conjunction with the ERC-7484 Registry. When creating an account, the factory executes some validations against the selected modules by checking if the configured attesters have vouched for the module using the registry.

These attesters are addresses that are stored in the contract using an array and can be added using the `addAttester()` function.

```solidity
57:     function addAttester(address attester) external onlyOwner {
58:         attesters.push(attester);
59:     }
```

Note here that there are no validations in place to check if a certain attester has been already configured in the contract, new values are simply pushed to the array.

The presence of duplicate attesters would result in the same attester being counted multiple times during the threshold check, undermining the security of the validations. This issue is evident in the reference implementation of the `check()` function in [ERC-7484](https://eips.ethereum.org/EIPS/eip-7484#registry), where checks are performed individually on each array element.

```solidity
function check(
    address module,
    address[] calldata attesters,
    uint256 threshold
)
    external
    view
{
    uint256 validCount = 0;
    for (uint256 i = 0; i < attesters.length; i++) {
        bool isValid = _check(module, attesters[i]);
        if (isValid) validCount++;
    }
    if (validCount < threshold) revert AttestationThresholdNotMet();
}
```

## Impact

Duplicate attesters could accidentally or intentionally weaken the security validations as the same attester could be counted more than once to reach the configured threshold.

## Tools Used

None.

## Recommendations

When adding an attester, validate if it is already present in the list.

```diff
    function addAttester(address attester) external onlyOwner {
+       for (uint256 i = 0; i < attesters.length; i++) {
+           require(attesters[i] != attester);
+       }
        attesters.push(attester);
    }
```
