# Modifying the vesting period can lead to "over boosted" staking

## Summary

A wrong assumption in how vesting rates are calculated can lead to boosts over the 100% rate when vesting periods are adjusted.

## Vulnerability Details

TempleGold staking works with a vesting mechanism. Depositors get increasing rewards as their vesting gets realized over the period defined by `vestingPeriod`. The effective rate is given by the `_getVestingRate()` function.

```solidity
484:     function _getVestingRate(StakeInfo memory _stakeInfo) internal view returns (uint256 vestingRate) {
485:         if (_stakeInfo.stakeTime == 0) {
486:             return 0;
487:         }
488:         if (block.timestamp > _stakeInfo.fullyVestedAt) {
489:             vestingRate = 1e18;
490:         } else {
491:             vestingRate = (block.timestamp - _stakeInfo.stakeTime) * 1e18 / vestingPeriod;
492:         }
493:     }
```

If the current timestamp is past the fully vested timestamp, the rate is 100% (1e18). Else, a linear progression is applied over the vesting period. Note here that, while `fullyVestedAt` is determined during stake time in `_applyStake()`, the `vestingPeriod` variable is read on the fly with the value it currently has at that point in time.

The vesting period time can be changed by protocol owners using `setVestingPeriod()`. Changing the vesting period while having unrealized vestings (i.e. vestings that have not reached the `fullyVestedAt` timestamp) can lead to undefined behavior.

Let's say the vesting period is currently at 3 weeks. Someone deposits at `t` and will have its stake fully vested at `t + 3 weeks`. However, at time `t + 2 weeks` the protocol changes the vesting period to 1 week. The stake information will still have its fully vested time at `t + 3 weeks`. This means that between `t + 2 weeks` and `t + 3 weeks` the vesting rate for this stake will be calculated according to line 491, i.e. `(t + 2 weeks - t) * 1e18 / 1 week = 2e18`, a boost of 2x, the double of the expected maximum.

Note that the vesting period must be changed after the current distribution has ended, but this is independent of the staking. A user can have a non-fully-realized stake at any point in time.

## Proof of Concept

Refer to the example detailed above as a proof of concept of the issue.

## Impact

Changing the vesting period can lead to over boosted rates and users receiving more rewards than intended. This over-distribution in rewards will cause multiple cascading accounting issues that will eventually lead to users not being able to claim their honest and intended rewards.

## Tools Used

None.

## Recommendations

Store the original vesting period in the `StakeInfo` struct, and use this value in `_getVestingRate()`. Another alternative would be to always cap the rate to `1e18`.
