# TempleTeleporter lacks support for enforced options

## Summary

The implementation of TempleTeleporter inherits from LayerZero's OApp which doesn't bring support for enforced options by default.

## Vulnerability Details

Unlike OFT applications used in the TempleGold implementation, bare LayerZero's OApp do not include by default handling for enforced options. As stated in their [documentation](https://docs.layerzero.network/v2/developers/evm/oapp/overview#optional-enforced-options), enforced options are the way in which protocol owners can set the requirements for user input options set while bridging messages.

> Once you determine ideal message _options, you will want to make sure users adhere to it. In the case of OApp, you mostly want to make sure the gas amount you have included in _options for the lzReceive call can be enforced for all callers of _lzSend, to prevent reverts.

> The setEnforcedOptions function allows the contract owner to specify mandatory execution options, making sure that the application behaves as expected when users interact with it.

[Execution options](https://docs.layerzero.network/v2/developers/evm/gas-settings/options) control different aspects of the messaging, in particular gas options used to cover gas and fees costs.

## Impact

User options used to call `teleport()` and forward to `_lzSend()` cannot be validated and enforced by the owners of the contract. Failure to set proper gas options could lead to reverts in the destination chain, causing loss of funds.

## Tools Used

None.

## Recommendations

Implement support for enforced options as detailed in the [LayerZero's documentation](https://docs.layerzero.network/v2/developers/evm/oapp/overview#optional-enforced-options).
