# Mutual consent may lead to ETH deposit lost in `increaseCredit` function of LineOfCredit contract

The `increaseCredit` function requires the consent of both lender and borrower to proceed and modify the credit. If ETH is used as the token and the lender consents first, then the borrower won't be able to give consent, preventing the credit increase and losing the deposited ETH.

## Impact

Similar to what happens in `addCredit`, when ETH is used as the credit token and the lender goes first in the mutual consent, the first transaction from the lender will get the ETH deposited, but the borrower won't be able to give consent and complete the transaction .

This will effectively prevent the `increaseCredit` call from completing, and the lender will lose his deposit.

A different but similar issue happens if the borrower never consents, the lender has already transferred the ETH but there's no way to "cancel" that consent to refund the payment.

## PoC

Lender wants to increase an existing credit and goes first, transferring 1 ETH. Then the borrower tries to give consent with the same params, but the call fails since it will ask the borrower for the ETH payment.

Note: the context for this test (setup, variables and helper functions) is similar to the one found in the file `LineOfCredit.t.sol`.

```
function test_increaseCredit_BadMutualConsent() public {
    address lender = makeAddr("lender");
    _mintAndApprove(lender);

    uint256 initialAmount = 0.5 ether;

    // Setup credit (borrower goes first to avoid error on create)
    vm.prank(borrower);
    line.addCredit(dRate, fRate, initialAmount, Denominations.ETH, lender);

    vm.prank(lender);
    bytes32 id = line.addCredit{value: initialAmount}(dRate, fRate, initialAmount, Denominations.ETH, lender);

    uint256 increaseAmount = 1 ether;
    uint256 lenderBalanceBefore = lender.balance;

    // Lender gives consent first
    vm.prank(lender);
    line.increaseCredit{value: increaseAmount}(id, increaseAmount);

    // lender has already sent 1 ETH
    assertEq(lender.balance, lenderBalanceBefore - increaseAmount);

    // borrower tries to consent the credit but this will fail since increaseCredit will ask THE BORROWER to send the ETH value
    vm.expectRevert(LineLib.TransferFailed.selector);
    vm.prank(borrower);
    line.increaseCredit(id, increaseAmount);
}
```

## Recommendation

1. Make sure the borrower side gives consent first. or...
2. Instead of using native ETH (or the equivalent in the chain this gets deployed) use the wrapped ERC20 version WETH. This will enable pull payments for ETH.
