# Add premium doesn't collect fees

## Summary

Fees are applied to premiums when a new position is opened, but the same mechanism is not enforced when margin is added to an existing position.

## Impact

When a new position is created in the LAMM protocol, fees are collected in favor of the LP owner that provides the liquidity for the position. The fee is calculated by applying a configurable rate over the tokens "from" amounts:

https://github.com/code-423n4/2023-12-particle/blob/a3af40839b24aa13f5764d4f84933dbfa8bc8134/contracts/protocol/ParticlePositionManager.sol#L191-L201

```solidity
191:         // pay for fee
192:         if (FEE_FACTOR > 0) {
193:             cache.feeAmount = ((params.marginFrom + cache.amountFromBorrowed) * FEE_FACTOR) / Base.BASIS_POINT;
194:             cache.treasuryAmount = (cache.feeAmount * _treasuryRate) / Base.BASIS_POINT;
195:             _treasury[cache.tokenFrom] += cache.treasuryAmount;
196:             if (params.zeroForOne) {
197:                 lps.addTokensOwed(params.tokenId, uint128(cache.feeAmount - cache.treasuryAmount), 0);
198:             } else {
199:                 lps.addTokensOwed(params.tokenId, 0, uint128(cache.feeAmount - cache.treasuryAmount));
200:             }
201:         }
```

The fee is applied to `amountFromBorrowed`, the "from" amount from the LP liquidity, and `marginFrom`, the user provided margin to cover the required amount for the swap and provide a premium in the position.

However, the same logic is not followed when the borrower adds more margin using `addPremium()`. In this case, the amounts are added in full to the position's premiums without incurring any fees.

This not only represents an inconsistent behavior (which may be a design decision), but allows the borrower to avoid paying part of the fees. The borrower can provide enough `marginTo` so that the swap can reach the required `collateralTo` amount, leaving the token "from" premium at zero. Then, in a second call, provide the needed premium to cover for eventual LP fees using `addPremium()`. This can be done with null liquidation risk and is greatly simplified by leveraging the multicall functionality. The borrower can bundle both operations in a single transaction, without even deploying a contract.

## Proof of Concept

A user can skip paying part of the fees by bundling two operations in a single transaction:

1. A call to `openPosition()` with the minimal required amount of `marginFrom` so that `amountReceived + amountToBorrowed + marginTo >= collateralTo`. 
2. A call to `addPremium()` to provide the required premiums to cover for eventual fees.

## Recommendation

Apply the same fee schedule to `addPremium()`. Depending on the value of `zeroForOne`, determine the "from" token, apply the `FEE_FACTOR` to it, and accrue the fee to the corresponding liquidity position.
