# Liquidator has no incentives to execute a favorable trade to the borrower

## Summary

Swaps involved in liquidations may negatively impact the owner of the lien, since there is no incentive to execute a favorable trade as long as the received amount is enough to recover the liquidity. 

## Impact

When an existing position is closed, the protocol executes a swap to exchange back the "from" token (the long side) for the "to" token in order to recover the required tokens needed to fill back the borrowed liquidity.

https://github.com/code-423n4/2023-12-particle/blob/a3af40839b24aa13f5764d4f84933dbfa8bc8134/contracts/protocol/ParticlePositionManager.sol#L391-L406

```solidity
391:     function _closePosition(
392:         DataStruct.ClosePositionParams calldata params,
393:         DataCache.ClosePositionCache memory cache,
394:         Lien.Info memory lien,
395:         address borrower
396:     ) internal {
397:         // optimistically use the input numbers to swap for repay
398:         /// @dev amountSwap overspend will be caught by refundWithCheck step in below
399:         (cache.amountSpent, cache.amountReceived) = Base.swap(
400:             cache.tokenFrom,
401:             cache.tokenTo,
402:             params.amountSwap,
403:             0, /// @dev we check cache.amountReceived is sufficient to repay LP in below
404:             DEX_AGGREGATOR,
405:             params.data
406:         );
```

As we can see, the swap is executed using a dex aggregator, but the operation is mostly opaque to the Particle protocol. The implementation only needs the swapped amounts, `amountSpent` and `amountReceived`, to determine and verify the rest of the close position logic.

When this action is executed by the borrower, i.e. the owner of the lien, the caller is incentivized to perform a favorable trade (that is, a good trade route that maximizes the outcome with proper slippage control). Since `amountReceived` determines the outcome of the tokens refunded to the borrower, the borrower is naturally interested in performing a beneficial trade (and failing to do so will only cause damage to themselves).

However, the same logic doesn't apply during liquidations. Liquidators earn a fee that is a percentage of the lien premiums. There is no incentive to execute a favorable trade for the borrower. The liquidator can even sandwich the transaction themselves, also profiting from the swap.

## Recommendation

It is difficult to provide a recommendation that doesn't introduce friction to the protocol. A potential solution could be to introduce liquidation rewards that are also based on the borrower's outcome: part of the refunded tokens to the borrower go to the liquidator, this way the liquidator is incentivized to also maximize the borrower's outcome. 

Another solution, though more complex and riskier, could be to introduce an oracle that controls the output amount from the trade. As tokens are pulled from Uniswap pools, this could be implemented directly by using the oracles provided by Uniswap.
