# Borrower can block being defaulted or auctioned

The borrower can potentially block the liquidation and auction processed by using a contract and reverting on ETH transfers.

## Impact 

When a loan is being liquidated or auctioned, any credit still available to the borrower (i.e. margin discounting the lender's interests) needs to be refunded. This is present in the `withdrawEthWithInterest()` function, that can be used to liquidate a position, and in the `auctionBuyNft()` function which is used to auction a loan.

https://github.com/code-423n4/2023-05-particle/blob/main/contracts/protocol/ParticleExchange.sol#L192-L223

```solidity
192:     function withdrawEthWithInterest(Lien calldata lien, uint256 lienId) external override validateLien(lien, lienId) {
             ...
214:         // transfer PnL to borrower
215:         if (lien.credit > payableInterest) {
216:             payable(lien.borrower).transfer(lien.credit - payableInterest);
217:         }
             ...
```

https://github.com/code-423n4/2023-05-particle/blob/main/contracts/protocol/ParticleExchange.sol#L688-L748

```solidity
688:     function auctionBuyNft(
689:         Lien calldata lien,
690:         uint256 lienId,
691:         uint256 tokenId,
692:         uint256 amount
693:     ) external override validateLien(lien, lienId) auctionLive(lien) {
             ...
741:         // pay PnL to borrower
742:         uint256 payback = lien.credit + lien.price - payableInterest - amount;
743:         if (payback > 0) {
744:             payable(lien.borrower).transfer(payback);
745:         }
             ...
```

As we can see in both of these cases, if the borrower still has some credit left, this is refunded by using the `transfer()` function. This is problematic, as the [`transfer()`](https://docs.soliditylang.org/en/v0.8.20/types.html#members-of-addresses) function reverts on failure. If the receiver is a contract, then this failure can be easily manipulated and forced.

This means that the borrower can use a contract to take the loan and arbitrarily decide to revert when the payback is being refunded, effectively blocking the liquidation and auction processes.

## Proof of concept

The attacker can create a simple contract to interact with the Particle exchange. This contract has a `receive()` function that can be configured to revert.

```solidity
function receive() external payable {
  if (_shouldRevert) {
    revert();
  }
}
```

The attacker then takes loans using this contract as an interface, and can block at will auctions or liquidations by setting `_shouldRevert` to true.

## Recommendation

Similar to how interests are accrued for the lender, prefer a [pull over push](https://fravoll.github.io/solidity-patterns/pull_over_push.html) process to have the receiver pull ETH instead of pushing it in the middle of a transaction. The `withdrawEthWithInterest()` and `auctionBuyNft()` functions should accumulate amounts corresponding to the borrower in internal storage and then offer a function to withdraw these by separate.
