# Gas limited ETH transfers can lead to a denial of service

ETH transfers are executed by using the `transfer()` function which is gas bound and can potentially lead to an accidental denial of service.

## Impact

The ParticleExchange contract needs to execute ETH transfers in several places across its codebase: 

- In `withdrawEthWithInterest()` to transfer the liquidated ETH to the lender and any potential payback to the borrower.
- In `_withdrawAccountInterest()` to transfer accrued interests to the lender.
- The `buyNftFromMarket()`, `repayWithNft()` and `auctionBuyNft()` functions also need to transfer the payback to the borrower.
- In `withdrawTreasury()` to claim treasury fees.

In all of these cases, the method used to send ETH is the `transfer()` function. As stated in the [documentation](https://docs.soliditylang.org/en/v0.8.20/contracts.html#receive-ether-function), this function is limited to 2300 units of gas. If the receiver is a contract then it can only rely on 2300 units of gas to execute its logic. If the call fails due to out of gas, the `transfer()` function reverts, causing the whole transaction to be reverted.

This can be quite problematic as smart wallets and account abstraction are gaining traction and adoption. If the transfer triggers some logic in the receiving contract, the call could potentially be aborted due to gas constraints.

If any of the parties (lender, borrower or treasury) is a contract, then there is potential risk of an accidental denial of service that could prevent calling any of the functions that execute a `transfer()` call.

## Recommendation

Use the `call()` function to transfer ETH, since this is not limited in gas by the compiler. The OpenZeppelin library contains a utility function called [`sendValue()`](https://docs.openzeppelin.com/contracts/4.x/api/utils#Address-sendValue-address-payable-uint256-) that implements this behavior.
