# Lender can front-run calls to `auctionBuyNft()` to DoS auctions

Lenders can DoS auction offers by resetting the auction process.

## Impact

The Particle protocol allows lenders to auction their loans in case any interested party wants to repay the NFT of the loan. The process is started by the lender by calling `startLoanAuction()` which updates the `auctionStartTime` field of the lien and initiates the auction process which lasts for 24 hours (`_AUCTION_DURATION`).

During this timeframe, anyone can call `auctionBuyNft()` to accept the offer. This function validates that the auction is started and not expired using the `auctionLive` modifier.

https://github.com/code-423n4/2023-05-particle/blob/main/contracts/protocol/ParticleExchange.sol#L771-L780

```solidity
771:     modifier auctionLive(Lien calldata lien) {
772:         if (lien.auctionStartTime == 0) {
773:             revert Errors.AuctionNotStarted();
774:         }
775: 
776:         if (block.timestamp > lien.auctionStartTime + _AUCTION_DURATION) {
777:             revert Errors.AuctionEnded();
778:         }
779:         _;
780:     }
```

The lender can also stop the auction process by calling `stopLoanAuction()`, which resets the `auctionStartTime` value to zero. This means that the lender can front-run calls to `auctionBuyNft()` by using `stopLoanAuction()` to reset the timestamp to zero. This will make the checks in `auctionLive` fail, causing the `auctionBuyNft()` transaction to be reverted.

A malicious lender can then use this issue to block auction offers and then restart the process again, and repeat the attack if needed, with the intention of letting the auction expire so they can call `withdrawEthWithInterest()` to liquidate the borrower.

## Proof of concept

1. Lender initiates auction process by calling `startLoanAuction()`.
2. Offerer submits transaction to call `auctionBuyNft()`.
3. Lender front-runs transaction and calls `stopLoanAuction()`.
4. Offerer transaction is reverted as the auction process is not running.
5. Lender can reinitiate the auction process by calling `startLoanAuction()` again.

## Recommendation

If the stop auction functionality isn't essential to the protocol, the `stopLoanAuction()` can be removed in order to let auction proceed without being interrupted. Otherwise, some limitations can be applied to either when or how frequently the `stopLoanAuction()` can be called in order to mitigate the described attack.
