# Users could game oracle price deviation

## Summary

Prices returned from Chainlink oracles have different conditions to update the reported values, which can be abused by

## Impact

Prices for the different LST assets supported in the Kelp protocol are obtained from a Chainlink oracle. The data feeds for each one can be found here:

- https://data.chain.link/ethereum/mainnet/crypto-eth/steth-eth
- https://data.chain.link/ethereum/mainnet/crypto-eth/cbeth-eth
- https://data.chain.link/ethereum/mainnet/crypto-eth/reth-eth

Chainlink price feeds follow different rules in order to update their prices. There are essentially two conditions that could trigger a price change, a heartbeat and a price deviation. A heartbeat updates the feed if the configured time since last update has elapsed, and the price deviation triggers the update when the price has moved above a configured percentage.

In all three cases, the heartbeat is the same (24 hours), however the price deviation target is not. stETH has a percentage of 0.5%, cbETH of 1% and rETH of 2%. This means that there are big differences between how fast an oracle is updated between the different assets.

As deposits in the protocol can be done using any assets, this means that a user could choose to deposit a particular asset knowing that the current on-chain price is deviated from the actual price, which can go as far as 2% for the rETH case. Note also that this can be used in a front-run fashion before the price of an oracle is updated on-chain, reducing the uncertainty to almost none in order to take advantage of a big price movement.

Similarly, since feeds have different triggers, a user could use this to their advantage to deposit the asset that is currently most deviated between all three. As participation in the protocol is measured by a share of RSETH, this means that the user's share will also include the other two assets, gaining an advantage in value due to the mispriced deposit asset.

Currently, there is no way to withdraw assets from the protocol, but this could eventually lead to a situation where a user deposits one asset before the price movement, and then withdraws after the price has impacted, or simply withdraws any other asset from the pool which has a more recent price update.

## Recommendation

As the protocol is currently relying on Chainlink oracles, it is difficult to provide a recommendation using solely these price feeds. A potential solution would be to factor different oracles, such as a TWAP or other on-chain price sources.
